---
layout: post
title:  "Blog Updates"
date:   2017-02-09 2:30:00 -0500
categories: update
---
You may have noticed this blog and [my website] look a bit different today. I
decided it was time to do away with the overly complex, information overload
that was my personal website in favor of a simpler landing page that links to
all of my social media and my blog. I found I wasn't updating the information
on my website and I figured I might as well just use the services I already
have for things like listing my experience (LinkedIn) and enumerating my
projects (github).

![website]({{ site.baseurl }}/img/20170209/website.png)

This means a few things for the future (and past) of this blog.

First, I'm planning on creating content a lot more frequently than before.
Without the burden of maintaining my website, and especially now that I'll be
graduating soon I should have a lot more time to write interesting posts about
the work that I do. I'm also planning on shifting the type of content I write
about to focus on cybersecurity and other technical projects that I do at work
(if I'm allowed to write about them) and for fun.

Second, my previous posts are currently not archived here anymore (though I'm
sure they're still in a git history somewhere for anyone _really_ interested).
I'm planning on porting the ones that are relevant to my new focus over to this
updated blog at some point in the future, but no promises that I'll carry over
my old posts about cooking, etc.

It's not like I have a large readership at the moment so I doubt many people
will mind the changes but as always, if you're interested in getting in touch
with me, please feel free to reach out on twitter, email, or meet up with me in
person. I'm looking forward to having a place to write up the work that I find
interesting and hopefully my notes and thoughts will be useful to someone else
out there.

[my website]: http://ainterr.github.io
